the plan is set this togethers happening
a few months back we asked Matt what
does his perfect girl look like here's
what he told us funny outgoing smart
well-read and well-traveled blond and
for some reason Australian and during
our trip to Paris while scrolling
through tinder this happened so
something found this girl it was
literally Matt's dream girl what did you
mess with her no of course Instagram I'm
gonna picture another version of that
blinded idea but this time she's gonna
be in on it and she's gonna be on a
flight with us going like somewhere epic
this is gonna be the longest and most
random DM she will ever get now one
thing to know about Matt is that he's an
obsessive planner everything he does
follows a schedule and a routine to make
sure everything is within his control
there is nothing that makes him more
uncomfortable than last-minute planning
so we thought would put him through his
ultimate discomfort by not only
surprising him in a blind date alongside
his dream girl but also barely giving
him any time to organize anything he's
gonna be in a foreign country finding
out last minute that he's gonna have to
pull off the most romantic dates to
impress the girl of his dreams all right
meeting the girl for the first time
she's really cool last night to just
respond to the M right away and say that
she's down to meet and discuss more
Sarah where's Sarah Sarah where are you
saying like just like the hot like
stepping back I was like what in
Matthews so you may have no idea he's
like alright we've got it down all the
details are set we're leaving this
weekend he's gonna fall in love which is
the coolest girl she's beautiful
Australian smart like I'm actually
concerned that he will fall in love I
mean like we were not gonna have Matt
back in LA like this is one day you can
all right dude this is gonna be so
goddamn 5:30 that in this situation is
gonna make my life don't worry about is
weeks of weird just one day Sunday in a
bit of Monday we're in Paris it's still
like what do I find out don't worry
about me on next Sunday afternoon yeah
[Music]
it's 3:30 am Allah there is super coming
in 20 minutes to take us to the airport
so they can head to Rome it has no idea
that we're even going to the reports
that there's an opportunity in 20
minutes
two tickets today to the airport so I
subscribed let your toiletry bag and you
get to go yeah
don't need anything just to change the
club no no it's the opposite wasted I'm
sorry buddy this is probably like are we
going we're actually going to Rome more
confused
my rope somebody there think that has a
talent or something
I see I'm so used to planning all this
stuff and not having any control over
the planning is like giving me anxiety
6:20
is no idea what to put up that could do
steamer hey there's like ocean's 11
style yeah I just wanted to come out of
that field
excuse me sorry I'm you're happen to
have an iPhone in Schad - do you really
know sorry my friend just like died in
me and I'm like so it's like my
boyfriend's so I'm going I'm gland and
ya know I'm like no no it's fine you're
late sorry I'm just like stressing a
little bit out of it no it's fine thank
you sorry no no really thank you so much
lower Cheers
but upon translation by box
why you going to the airport flying
somewhere and the Oscar goes to this guy
surprising me this morning
[Music]
there are people like looking at me as
well I don't know if I'm being paranoid
yeah there's a whole play that I'm not
getting more nervous of - guys are all
right here we'll see you know for the
mystery real he just landed 8:30 and
when you're the one being surprised and
you know you're being surprised you look
around and you see people and then you
because if you come and see like that
guy just got out looked at me and walked
in front of me I know what you're up to
Doug all right breathe just me to throw
and it is time to reveal
yeah
which
yeah that she's so excited for our date
four and a half our storage has
everything rivets
she's so beautiful turnaround is
exciting like an old man but I got a
plan of my god I'm so planning how did
that how do I hope what happened went to
Roman I was 30 now no anybody here or
anything to do and I have to plan the
world's most epic need all the money I
have I've ever made I'm willing to spend
on today
that's how Matt bankruptcy might not
have met back in LA she might just end
up save your Paris walked into the
terminal I saw her sitting down then she
was sitting next to dude and I talk to
myself immediately wow she's stunning
and she told me she was with her
boyfriend so yeah and now I'm going on a
goddamn date with her tonight all right
we just arrived in the hotel not you
stay out here I'll check her in they
want to direct before time to give this
date planning started at home isn't
Sunday so all the tours and everything
there's so many of them are going to be
closed
let's do which boys as well
okay puffy so many people go around and
little best best if I read one and then
just take her like all around the city
to visit it everything's closed
you know rely on lot on spontaneity and
since she's already chosen to come on
this trip she's pretty spontaneous yes
hello yes hello
so the date is in two hours there's
nothing is picking up you're gonna go to
the location where we need to rent and
hopefully they're freaking open what go
wrong right now but I'm keeping my cool
everything's all good it's gonna be a
happy time it's gonna rain
yeah yeah half-hour before the date
unfortunately the weather has turned
against us all these plans that I had to
make a change a little bit
so just did some push-ups which is why
I'm breathing count heavy all right you
ready all right put that leather jacket
on where's the rose Sarah if you're
watching this well she will be watching
us thank you for putting up with this is
kind of crazy looks like you made me
look like this
[Music]
I nice to finally thank you oh no that's
out all right so we planned
four main things first one actually is
outside right now hop on the back of
this Vespa view my ear we get lost
venture begins now right try not to
[Music]
Sara probably the most random request
I've ever had but I thought why not
what was the VARs pitch what did it were
say that it was random thing they
explained that you're a bit of a
organized guys like focus function a do
I was like you have my attention and
curiosity like have you ever done like
this mom I went to the room with two
total since we don't have that much time
I thought it'd be even cooler to go into
a third country today because we're
France
[Music]
oh here we go
we just drops her off just gonna get
changed we're gonna go to the third
country today and yeah dude she's so so
great great sense of humor very sweet
very kind and she's so hard work like
she's worked her whole life being able
to afford to go to school and like being
able to live this kind of lifestyle that
she lives it's all because of her you
follow you know what ops for sure I
don't want to be like weird she lives in
Paris and we're in Paris for three more
weeks which is kind of Awesome dude what
is life this is what happens when you
have the best friends in the world I put
this together you know what defy gender
norms and switch hell yeah I don't feel
thank you so much ciao ciao
don't be naughty drag the very good okay
bye
which I love so we go to the third
country today the Vatican and we have
another step after that
[Music]
thank you very much little nippy
you don't need to run slow-motion I will
make it flowers fool so after a long day
of running around the city we are
finally stopping to have dinner here at
this amazing Italian restaurant and this
is time that I did camera way and
actually you know each other it's
probably been the most random crazy 24
hours and date I've ever had but I'm
[Music]